4.5.1 release (#124)
blackbaud/skyux-docs-tools: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.5.1 (2020-09-09)

> - Fixed demo page component to properly render links in the sidebar nav to components with URL parameters. [#121](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-docs-tools/pull/121)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the demo page component to properly render links in the sidebar nav when components have URL parameters. [#121](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-docs-tools/pull/121)
```
